Change iOS serialization from <string, string> to <string, object> (#943)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

#### iOS

* **[Fix]** Fix a crash when tracking an exception without a message.

> * **[Fix]** Correcting document serialization to use the correct object type instead of always serializing to string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix document serialization/deserialization to handle non string types inside an object.
```
